README.md, before:

# Balloon Inc Assignment


This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

Technologies that I am using in this assignment
 
 ` 
   - React Typescript
   - Style with SASS (SCSS)
   - Fetching APIs with Urql
   - State managmant with Redux
   - Icons with react-icons library
   - Tests with Jest, Enzyme
 `


## Notices
  - For this project I used only state management `Redux` to navigate inside the application I could use the `react-router` library and do the same thing
  - I used only `SASS` which `CSS` tooling I could use other frameworks
  - I didn't have enough time to create more complex tests, but I like to use `Jest` and `Enzyme` for testing my React applications


## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

add the update description to README.md

README.md, after:

# Balloon Inc Assignment

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

Technologies that I am using in this assignment

`

- React Typescript
- Style with SASS (SCSS)
- Fetching APIs with Urql
- State managmant with Redux
- Icons with react-icons library
- Tests with Jest, Enzyme
  `

## Update ✨

- 🚀 I added some more more complex tests, I like to use `Jest` and `Enzyme` for testing my React applications.
- to tests the application run `yarn test` or `yarn run test`
- the tests was about testing
  - `Redux` state and make sure the app render correctly for a defent compenets when the state changes
  - `urql` fetch the data correctly
  - tests butons on `click` event changes and make sure the app components renders correctly

## Notices

- For this project I used only state management `Redux` to navigate inside the application I could use the `react-router` library and do the same thing
- I used only `SASS` which `CSS` tooling I could use other frameworks

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
